Hi, I'm jared and today I'm going to
show the best fighting game good to
my personal taste of course so
let's go with the video
well let's start this
the game is called faith bar which is this
what we have here
we will be able to play this game in
story mode as well as in mode
challenge
the truth is that the controls are very
simple and the purpose of this is
supposes that the bad guys kidnapped a
familiar to us and we have
to go and rescue him in this area here
we are going to be able to improve our
character for example where the power
of penta also here we have the area
for example from salt lake uds
and among many other things too
we can vote it for some weapons to
that fight the game weighs around
222 megs already with data
and they will be able to download it for free
from play store
we are going to be able to bend down
deactivate the blows of opponents
and by pressing the screen several times
it's how we're going to hit
we can also kick up
or for the lake
also in the top part we have
time that is the time in which
we have to kill the enemies
if we do it at the right time
we are also earning points and so we
can give money to buy
improvements
avn there they already killed me we can give
continue giving three gold ingots
as I say this game has therefore if
the controls pretty simple if not
it's going to be difficult to play obviously
they will go practicing and they will leave
doing much better in this game
well the video of the day of
today I hope you have liked this
game and if so do not hesitate to try what
good like the video subscribe
and we are seeing each other in a goodbye video